# Consent and Release

Travel Tech Con team is excited to have you as a speaker for the upcoming event. In order to ensure that the event will be a success and that we'll have the rights to use the photo/audio/video materials we're going to produce this year in the future, we've create this simple agreement. Please read it carefully as it's a binding legal agreement.

As a speaker, pitch competition judge or workshop presenter at Travel Tech Con 2017, an event held on May 8th, 10th, 22nd, 23rd and 24th (the "Event"), on behalf of myself and the company or organization (the "Organization") I am representing, I grant Travel Tech Con (legal name First Frontier LLC, the "Organizer" or "TTC") and its designated contractors, subsidiaries and affiliates under common control the following permissions in connection with the Event.

  - Permission to make sound and visual recordings of any and all presentations I give in relation to the Event (“Presentation”) on film, tape, disk, and/or other forms of media, whether in analog or digital format (the “Recordings”), including permission to incorporate into the Recordings, in whole or in part, any presentation materials that I use in connection with my Presentation, including without limitation any written speeches, visual aids, or other visual or written materials used, performed, displayed and/or provided by me in connection with the Presentation (the “Presentation Materials.”)
  - Permission to use and distribute my name, voice, biographical material, likeness, and portrait (hereinafter collectively referred to as my “Likeness”) in connection with my Presentation, for the purpose of publicizing or promoting my Presentation(s) at and participation in the Event, including permission to incorporate my Likeness into the Recordings, in whole or in part.
  - Permission to use my Organization’s name and logo in connection with my Presentation and incorporate them into the Recordings, for the sole purpose of identifying my Organization, my affiliation with my Organization, and my presentation at and participation in the Event. Organizer's use of the company name and logo inures solely to the benefit of my Organization.
  - Permission to use, copy, translate, reformat, edit, broadcast, publish, perform, promote, distribute, digitize, transmit, make derivative works based upon, and/or display all or parts of my Presentation, my Likeness, my Presentation Materials, the Recordings, and/or a transcript of the Recordings. This includes, without limitation, the right to make and distribute a DVD, CD, flash memory card, memory stick, PC card, audio tape, video tape, and/or other recording of the Event proceedings that contains the Recordings in whole or in part, the right to distribute the Recordings in whole or in part via download from TTC affiliated web sites, and the right to distribute, display, broadcast, rebroadcast, and reproduce the Recordings, in any and all media existing now or later developed, as part of Event proceedings and archives that TTC makes available on its web sites or elsewhere. Any such use must be in connection with the Event or future versions of the Event, and must not be misleading or reflect negatively on my Organization or me.

I understand that neither my Organization nor I will receive any compensation for granting these permissions. TTC is not granted any other permissions or rights with respect to my Likeness, my Presentation, the Recordings, or the Presentation Materials.

I represent and warrant that I have the right to the Presentation and Presentation Materials, that the publication of this Presentation and Presentation Materials will not infringe on the patent, trademark, copyright rights of others, nor is it slanderous, libelous, or an invasion of any person’s right of privacy or publicity. I further represent and warrant that I have full power to grant this license to the Organizer.

## Choice of Law, Dispute Resolution

This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California as applied to contracts made and to be performed entirely within California, without giving effect to the state’s conflicts of law statute. Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or related to the agreement or your participation in the competition shall be settled by an arbitrator, within San Mateo County, California subject to the rules and regulations of the American Arbitration Association then in effect, except that such arbitration shall be handled by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with such rules and regulations. Each party to any arbitration shall bear its own costs, including attorney’s fees. Failure to appear at any arbitration hearing entitles the arbitrator to proceed ex parte.

## Binding Agreement

This is a binding legal agreement that you, the presenter, agree to. If you do not agree with these rules, please immediately notify Maksim Izmaylov, the conference program manager via email [max@traveltechcon.com](mailto:max@traveltechcon.com).
